README.md, before:

# Golden Protocol Predicate Definitions
The contents in this repo populate many of the fields found in predicate definition pages on [dapp.golden.xyz](https://dapp.golden.xyz/). Each .md file in this repo corresponds to one predicate's definition page, i.e. [12acb8fe-0573-4ca8-8cc1-180cc6ba3486.md](./12acb8fe-0573-4ca8-8cc1-180cc6ba3486.md) corresponds to the predicate definition page shown [here](https://dapp.golden.xyz/predicate/12acb8fe-0573-4ca8-8cc1-180cc6ba3486)

A brief overview: predicates are used in triples - the building blocks of facts that link entities together forming a graph. The Golden protocol supports a rich schema with a growing number of predicates and qualifiers. Anyone can propose changes by opening a PR in this repo.

## How to contribute
Check out our [contribution guide](https://www.notion.so/goldenhq/Predicate-Improvement-Process-42612ae10a6043918763ae23e6d513d3) for detailed instructions on how to make changes.

## Resources
- [Overview of Golden Protocol](https://golden.xyz/)
- [Golden Protocol FAQ](https://www.notion.so/goldenhq/Golden-Protocol-FAQ-78ae2357b9af44aeaa655cb1b1966ee4)
- [Discord Channel](https://discord.gg/YtwQZawK4T)
- [Golden Protocol Dapp](https://dapp.golden.xyz/)
- [Golden.com](https://golden.com/)

If you have issues, please join our [Discord Channel](https://discord.gg/YtwQZawK4T)

Commit message:

Update README.md with discourse links (#9)
* Update README.md with discourse links

Update README.md with links out to discourse

* grammar

README.md, after:

# Golden Protocol Predicate Definitions
The contents in this repo populate many of the fields found in predicate definition pages on [dapp.golden.xyz](https://dapp.golden.xyz/). Each .md file in this repo corresponds to one predicate's definition page, i.e. [12acb8fe-0573-4ca8-8cc1-180cc6ba3486.md](./12acb8fe-0573-4ca8-8cc1-180cc6ba3486.md) corresponds to the predicate definition page shown [here](https://dapp.golden.xyz/predicate/12acb8fe-0573-4ca8-8cc1-180cc6ba3486)

A brief overview: predicates are used in triples - the building blocks of facts that link entities together forming a graph. The Golden protocol supports a rich schema with a growing number of predicates and qualifiers. Anyone can propose changes by opening a PR in this repo, but conversations and voting on which changes to merge will primarily take place on our [Discourse Forum](https://forum.golden.xyz/).

## How to contribute
Check out our [contribution guide](https://www.notion.so/goldenhq/Predicate-Improvement-Process-42612ae10a6043918763ae23e6d513d3) for detailed instructions on how to make changes and join our [Discourse Forum](https://forum.golden.xyz/).

## Resources
- [Overview of Golden Protocol](https://golden.xyz/)
- [Golden Protocol FAQ](https://www.notion.so/goldenhq/Golden-Protocol-FAQ-78ae2357b9af44aeaa655cb1b1966ee4)
- [Discord Channel](https://discord.gg/YtwQZawK4T)
- [Discourse Forum](https://forum.golden.xyz/)
- [Golden Protocol Dapp](https://dapp.golden.xyz/)

If you have issues, please join our [Discord Channel](https://discord.gg/YtwQZawK4T)
